Document new git integration settings (#1708)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/v2/platform/projects.mdx

### Git Integration

To edit your project’s Git integration settings, select the **Git** menu item from your project settings page.

<Image
  src={`${process.env.ASSETS}/docs/advanced/deploy-hooks/select-git.png`}
  width={374 / 2}
  height={336 / 2}
  shadow
/>
<Caption>Selecting the <b>Git</b> menu item from the project settings page.</Caption>

If you haven’t set up your Git integration for [GitHub](/docs/v2/git-integrations/zeit-now-for-github), [GitLab](/docs/v2/git-integrations/zeit-now-for-gitlab), or [Bitbucket](/docs/v2/git-integrations/zeit-now-for-bitbucket) yet, you can do so from here.

<Image
  src={`${process.env.ASSETS}/docs/platform/projects/git-integration-not-connected.png`}
  width={1548 / 2}
  height={722 / 2}
  shadow
/>
<Caption>Setting up the Git integration.</Caption>

If you have already set up your Git Integration, you can specify which Git repository to connect your project to by entering the repository name.

<Image
  src={`${process.env.ASSETS}/docs/platform/projects/git-integration-connected.png`}
  width={1546 / 2}
  height={712 / 2}
  shadow
/>
<Caption>Specify the Git repository for your project.</Caption>

> If you’d like to disconnect your project from a Git repository, **leave the field empty**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you’d like to disconnect your project from a Git repository, **empty the field** and save it.
```
